Cs/Show grid (#51)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/show_grid/README.md

# Show grid

Display coordinate system grids including Latitude/Longitude, MGRS, UTM and USNG on a map view. Also, toggle label visibility and change the color of grid lines and grid labels.

![Image of Show grid](show_grid.png)

## Use case

Grids are often used on printed maps, but can also be helpful on digital maps, to identify locations on a map.

## How to use the sample

Tap on the `Change Grid` button in the toolbar to open a settings view. You can select type of grid from `Grid Type` (LatLong, MGRS, UTM and USNG) and modify its properties like label visibility, grid line color, and grid label color.

## How it works

1. Create an instance of one of the `Grid` types.

> 2. Grid lines and labels can be styled per grid level with `setLineSymbol(gridLevel, lineSymbol)` and `setTextSymbol(gridLevel, textSymbol)` methods on the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Grid lines and labels can be styled per grid level with `setLineSymbol(level, lineSymbol)` and `setTextSymbol(level, textSymbol)` methods on the grid.
```

> 3. The label position can be set with `setLabelPosition(labelPosition)` method on the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The label position can be set with the `labelPosition` property on the grid.
```

> 4. For the `LatitudeLongitudeGrid` type, you can specify a label format of `DECIMAL_DEGREES` or `DEGREES_MINUTES_SECONDS`.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be "... specify a label format of `LatitudeLongitudeGridLabelFormat.decimalDegrees` or `LatitudeLongitudeGridLabelFormat.degreesMinutesSeconds`".

> 5. To set the grid, use the `setGrid(grid)` method on the map view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To set the grid, use the `grid` property on the map view.
```

## Relevant API

> * ArcGISGrid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Grid
```
Note that once these are updated, you will also need to re-create the metadata file so that the list of keywords is also updated there.
